how everyone.
So this is a practice lab session.
So in this practical obsession,
I'm going to show you how to use the test common in conditional execution.
So I'm going to care A symbol,
a script here.
So in this clip,
I'm going to ask for the user to enter a number 100 on will cross check this condition
whether the user has under 100 number or not using test.
Come on.
So first time window after they user like enter Number 100 on the credible name is you can
give any name.
I've used number.
Ok,
now I'm going to use check.
No,
Jack.
A stunner.
If desk dollar number is equal to 100 the user has under number 100 then echo.
Good.
You have and hurt number 100.
This is what I'm closing it here I am going to use another statement if you can also use
else as well.
But I wonder so other way as well.
If test dollar number is not equal 200 that might be possible that the user has entered in
some different number.
So in that case,
you can type echo.
Why did you and another number I'm closing it.
So let me make it executive in this one.
Okay?
And I was good in here.
And so the number 100 it is asking me.
I'm going to put 100.
Go.
Do you have enter Number 100?
Okay,
I'm going to add some other number like this one.
Why did you enter another number?
So we have two conditions here you're going to use else as well.
I start off this.
Simply put this one here,
okay?
Headed into port else,
so as well.
Also want care because the user can put 100 or some other number.
Right.
So let me come on from here and I get I'm going to run this one.
This 100 you have under $100.
I'm putting this.
Why did you enter some of the number?
I'm going to bring this one.
So from their soul for this like that in the next election,
I'm goingto get another skip on using the desk.
Come on.
Only,
but that would be a little bit,
you know,
complicated.
I'm gonna be used,
you know,
some more conditional statements like live else.
So thanks for watching,
but I take it